# PyMongo-Dashboard

# How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

The key to writing programs which are so readily adaptable is to keep things efficient, simple, and well organized. It is better to categorize your functions and methods in a way that accepts and returns values which are intuitive. It is also better to ensure code functionality before dashboard integration and to keep code well commented. By ensuring that the functions that were created were able to work as intended in all circumstances greatly allowed me to focus my efforts on the dashboard utility and functionality before simply including my Python module.

# How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

Approaching a problem as a computer scientist involves staying absolutely focused on the final goal/product. The number of ways a person can approach a problem in the coding world is so vast, that it can be easy to get caught up in a way of thinking that might not be efficient to your end goal. The second key I would say is to focus on keeping things simple. Function is more important than aesthetics, because a program that works but doesn't look good is still more beneficial than the inverse. When attempting to take on a new and complex project, being able to efficiently research similar issues on the Internet is also an invaluable skill. The number of people who have been in a situation similar to yours is far greater than one might expect. 

# What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

Computer scientists work to increase the efficiency of our society as a whole and lay down a framework by which humans can work beyond their mental capacity. By sharing algorithms and logic, we can continue to grow and expand upon each other and create the most beautiful utilities that will further increase our quality of life. Even if my work itself is not up to the expectations of a company like Grazioso Salvare, hopefully the work that was contributed can be a starting point for somebody more qualified to take it and run with it. This principle is how we are able to continue to advance technology at such an exponential rate.
